{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 NORTH EAST (
\f1\b0 ARUNACHAL PRADESH , MEGHALAYA & ASSAM
\f0\b )\

\f1\b0 Tour Type : Family, Honeymoon\
\

\f0\b DURATION : 
\f1\b0 12N/13D\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(Bhalukpong 1N \'96 Dirang 1N \'96 Tawang 2N \'96 Bomdila 1N \'96 Kaziranga 2N \'96 Shillong 3N \'96 Guwahati 2N)\
\

\f0\b Highlights : (
\f1\b0 Premium , Superior , Standard 
\f0\b )\

\f1\b0 TEZPUR / BHALUKPONG : Greenwood Resort /similar , Waii International / Similar , Centre Point /similar\
DIRANG : Norphel Retreat (Perim Dlx) / Similar , Hotel Pemaling /Similar , Samdup Khang /similar \
TAWANG : Yangzom / Taktsang / Similar , Dekhang / Similar , Zax Star / Similar \
BOMDILA : Tsepal Yangzom / Similar, Tsepal Yangzom /Similar , Lungta Residency (Exe) / similar KAZIRANGA : Infinity / Similar , Landmark woods /Similar , Emerald Resort /similar \
SHILLONG : Polo Tower /Similar , Landmark Victoria/Similar , Eee Cee /similar \
GUWAHATI : Royale de Casa / Similar , Rajmahal (Veg) / Similar , Royal Heritage /similar\
\

\f0\b Itinerary :\

\f1\b0 \ul DAY 01\ulnone : Guwahati Airport / Rly station \'96 Bhalukpong (255 Kms / 6 hrs.) \
Meet and greet on arrival at Guwahati Airport / Railway Station and transfer to Bhalukpong. On arrival check in to the hotel. Evening is free for leisure. Overnight stay at Bhalukpong. \
\
\ul DAY 02\ulnone : Bhalukpong \'96 Dirang (140 kms / 7 hrs.) \
After early breakfast drive to Dirang. On the way visit Tipi Orchidarium situated on the banks of the river Bharali, a place over 500 orchids, on display there are some rare species of orchid. Arunachal has largest range of orchids in the country then take a break to visit Nag Temple. Continue your drive and do not forget to keep your cameras handy as you cross beautiful waterfalls and get some spectacular views. On arrival check in to the hotel. Afternoon visit Apple orchard & Kiwi Farm (depending upon season), Dirang Monastery and Kalachakra Monastery. Dirang is also famous for hot water springs where people take bath to cure skin ailments. Overnight stay at Dirang \
\
\ul DAY 03\ulnone : Dirang \'96 Tawang (130 kms / 7 hrs.) \
After early breakfast proceed to Tawang the Land of Hidden Paradise. On the way enjoy the beauty of Sela Pass (13700 Ft) a border line between two districts i.e Tawang & West KamengTawang, Sela Lake a small lake, which remains frozen for most of the year. Further drive to 10 kms visit Jaswantgarh War Memorial - a memorial to the brave soldier who single handily tried to hold of approaching Chinese from the pass during the 1962 Indo-Chinese war. Later visit majesty of Nuranng Falls where scenes from the SRK-Madhuri Dixit starrer \'93Koyla\'94 were shot. Arrive & check in to the hotel. Evening is free for leisure. Overnight stay at Tawang. \
\
\ul DAY 04\ulnone : Tawang Local Sightseeing \
After breakfast visit Tawang Monstery world famous seventeenth century Tawang Monastery, also known as Galden Namgyal Lhatse which overlooks the wide Tawang Valley at a height of 10,000 ft. The monastery is a vast complex of 65 buildings housing Lamas and antique scriptures written in gold letters and ancient scripture, images and has an eight meters high gilded Buddha statue. It is the largest monastery in the Himalayan region and the second oldest monastery in Asia. Five hundred lamas live in its residential buildings and it is rich in. Later visit Urgeling Gompa, 6th Dalai Lama\'92s birth place who is the only Indian to have risen to such a high position in Gelupka Sect of Buddhism so far. Inside the monastery there are several Stupas (Vihar) and people from all walks of life visit this place during Buddhist new year to get the blessing for the coming year. Then proceed to the War Memorial which is dedicated to the martyrs of the 1962 Sino-Indian war. The memorial is 40-foot-high and like a stupa in design. It is locally called \'91Namgyal Chortan\'92. The names of 2420 martyrs imprinted in gold on 32 black granite plagues. You can also visit the craft center in Tawang sells beautiful masks, hand woven carpets, jewellery in silver, coral and amber, \'91chubas\'92 the local dressand delightful affordable mementos. Evening at leisure. Overnight stay at Tawang. \
\
\ul DAY 05\ulnone : Tawang \'96 Bomdila (170 kms / 8 hrs.) \
After breakfast transfer to Bomdila (8,200 ft.) - the headquarter of West Kameng District of Arunachal Pradesh and also known for its Buddhist monasteries. It has a lot of attractions for the visitors for its cool climate. On arrival check in to the hotel. Later visit Gontse Rabgyaling Monastery (Upper Gonpa), Thub-Chog Gatsel Ling Monastery (Lower Gonpa).Bomdila offers wonderfully panoramic view of Himalayan landscapes and snow clad ranges. Evening you can visit the local market. Overnight stay at Bomdila. \
\
\ul DAY 06\ulnone : Bomdila \'96 Kaziranga (210 kms / 8 hrs.) \
After breakfast transfer to Kaziranga. on arrival check in the hotel. Evening free for leisure. Overnight stay at Kaziranga. \
\
\ul DAY 07\ulnone : Kaziranga National Park \
Early morning explore any one zone of Kaziranga National Park on back of Elephant. Apart from the Rhino, other species found are Hog Deer, Swamp Deer, Wild Buffalo, Elephants and if you are lucky then tiger also. It is also home to pelicans, storks and darters as there are a number of water bodies inside the Park. Return to the resort for breakfast. In the afternoon enjoy jeep safari through the National Park. Return to the hotel. Overnight stay at Kaziranga. \
\
\ul DAY 08\ulnone : Kaziranga National Park \'96 Shillong (295 kms / 7 hrs.) \
After breakfast proceed for Shillong (4,900 ft.), called 'Scotland of the East". Enroute visit Umium Lake, a majestic placid lake with its surrounding sylvan hills. On arrival at Shillong, check in at your hotel. Back to the hotel. Overnight stay at Shillong. \
\
\ul DAY 09\ulnone : Excursion to Cherrapunjee (60 kms / 2 hrs.) \
After early breakfast drive to Cherrapunjee (4,400 ft.), the wettest place in the world. You will see the beautiful waterfall known as Nohkalikai. You can also explore the caves known as Mawsmai. Evening return to Shillong, enroute visit Elephanta falls and Shillong peak for some breathtaking views. Overnight stay at Shillong. \
\
\ul DAY 10\ulnone : Excursion to Mawlynnong & Dawki (120 kms / 4 hrs.)\
After early breakfast drive to Mawlynnong \'96 \'93Asia\'92s Cleanest Village\'94. Mawlynnong offers many interesting sights such as the living root bridge and another strange natural phenomenon of a boulder balancing on another small rock. Later proceed to Dawki, a small town near India Bangladesh border. Enjoy breathtaking view of the Umangot River. Evening drive back to Shillong. Stay overnight at your hotel in Shillong. \
\
\ul DAY 11\ulnone : Shillong Sightseeing \'96 Guwahati (100 kms / 3 hrs.) \
After breakfast visit Don Bosco Museum & Ward\'92s Lake. After that drive to Guwahati. Arrive and check in at hotel. Enroute visit 'Kalakshetra', a place where Assamese history and culture is presented through Light and sound show. Return to hotel. Overnight stay at Guwahati. \
\
\ul DAY 12\ulnone : Guwahati Local Sightseeing \
After breakfast visit Kamakhya Temple, Tirupati Balaji Temple, Navagraha Temple, Assam State Museum, State Zoo cum Botanical Garden, Regional Science Centre and Sukreswar Temple (The 6th Jyotirlinga of Shiva). Evening we suggest an optional tour of Golden sunset cruise on the Brahmaputra (Direct Payment). Overnight stay at Guwahati. \
\
\ul DAY 13\ulnone : Hotel \'96 Guwahati Airport / Rly Station \
Morning free for personal activities. Transfer to Guwahati Airport / Railway Station for your onward journey. \
\

\f0\b TOUR COST :
\f1\b0  (Premium ,  Superior , Standard)\
PER PERSON : 77,999/- P.P , 63,999/- P.P , 55,999/-P.P \
EXTRA ADULT WITH EXTRA BED : 73,999/-P.P , 60,999/- P.P , 52,999/- P.P \
CHILD WITH BED (4-11YEAR) 33,999/-P.P , 33,999/- P.P ,  33,999/-P.P \
CHILD NO BED (4-11 YEAR) 19,999/- P.P , 19,999/-P.P , 15,999/- P.P \
CHILD BELOW 4 YEAR 8,999/- P.P , 8,999/- P.P , 8,999/- P.P\
\

\f0\b TOUR INCLUSION: 
\f1\b0   \
*Accommodation on twin Sharing Basis. \
* Breakfast & Dinner \
* Exclusive A/c vehicle for transfers & sightseeing.\
All permit fees & hotel taxes (as per itinerary). Rates are valid for INDIAN NATIONALS only.\
\
\

\f0\b TOUR EXCLUSION: 
\f1\b0 \
* Air Fare / Train fare. \
* Personal Expenses such as Laundry, telephone calls, tips & gratuity, mineral water, soft & hard drinks, rafting, rock climbing, paragliding, porterage. \
* Additional sightseeing or extra usage of vehicle, other than mentioned in the itinerary. \
* Entrance Fees & Guide charges. \
* Any cost arising due to natural calamities like, landslides, road blockage, political disturbances (strikes), etc (to be borne by the client, which is directly payable on the spot). \
* Any increase in taxes or fuel price, leading to increase in cost on surface transportation & land arrangements, which may come into effect prior to departure. \
* Room Heater Charges \
* 5 % GST.\
* Insurance. \
* Anything which is not included in the inclusion}