{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 KERELA
\f1\b0 \
Tour Type : Luxury\
\

\f0\b DURATION
\f1\b0  : 6N/7D\
(2N MUNNAR + 2N THEKKADY + 2N ALLEPPEY)\
\

\f0\b Highlights :
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 2 Nights Stay In Munnar: Mattuputty Dam, Rajamalai Tea Estate, Echo Point \
2 Nights Stay In Thekkady: Periyar Lake , Spice Market \
2 Nights Stay In Alleppey: Backwaters, Sunset Cruise\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f0\b Itinerary :
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 DAY 01\ulnone : COCHIN \'96 MUNNAR \
Arrive cochin airport & proceed to Munnar (approx. 4 \'bd hrs. journey). Enjoy the scenic beauty and the marvelous waterfalls, high mountains with the low flying clouds passing by. Arrive Munnar and Check in at Hotel. Overnight at Munnar. \
\
\ul DAY 02\ulnone : MUNNAR \
After breakfast, proceed for Munnar sightseeing which includes Mattuputty dam, where you can enjoy boating in the lake( optional ). Also visit Rajamala tea estate (Till our vehicle goes) & echo point(all optional). Day free for leisure activity & shopping. Overnight at Munnar.\
\
\ul DAY 03\ulnone : MUNNAR \'96 THEKKADY \
After breakfast proceed for Thekkady (approx 3 \'bd hrs.). Arrive and check in at Hotel. In the evening visit Kumily market to buy the best spices available &.enjoy the boating at periyar Lake (optional). Overnight at Thekkady. \
\
\ul DAY 04\ulnone : THEKKADY \
Day free for rest and leisure activities.Overnight at Thekkady. \
\
\ul DAY 05\ulnone : THEKKADY \'96 ALLEPPEY \
After breakfast, proceed to Alleppey (approx 3 hr. journey), Arrive and check in at Hotel. A place away from town with absolute privacy and hidden silence. In the evening enjoy a walk on the lagoons witnessing the sunset. Overnight at Alleppey. \
\
\ul DAY 06\ulnone : ALLEPPEY \
After breakfast day free to enjoy the Keralian massage in an exotic way (optional). In the evening enjoy boating on backwaters & witness sunset (optional). Overnight at Alleppey.\
\
\ul DAY 07\ulnone : ALLEPPEY \'96 COCHIN \
After breakfast proceed to Cochin airport to board flight for onwards destinations (Approx 2 hrs). Tour ends here with the sweet memories of Gem Tours. \
\

\f0\b TOUR COST:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 Rs. 44,999/- per person on twin sharing basis \
Rs. 41,999/- per extra adult with bed (12 yrs and above) \
Rs. 35,999/- per extra child with bed (6 to 12 yrs) \
Rs. 30,999/- per extra child without bed ( 6 to 12 yrs ) \
Rs. 19,999/- child below 5 yrs\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 TOUR COST INCLUSIONS:\

\f1\b0 * Accommodation at the hotels mentioned on twin sharing basis. ( 01 ROOM ) \
* All Meals AT ALL PLACES with Special arrangement for Jain Meals. \
* Transfer & sightseeing by A/C Tempo Traveler. \
*Airfare cost \'96 13,000/- Base fare (non refundable tkts ) \
\

\f0\b TOUR COST EXCLUSIONS:
\f1\b0 \
* All items of personal nature, optional tours, insurance, tips, laundry, bisleri, telephone charges, excess baggage, No entry fees and also food and drinks not forming part of the group menus and anything not specifically mentioned in \'93tour price includes\'94 \
* 5 % GST extra mandatory \
* ALL ENTRANCE FEES EXTRA TO BE PAID DIRECT AND IS OPTIONAL.}