{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red34\green47\blue64;
\red38\green38\blue38;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c17647\c24314\c32157;
\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10100\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
TAMIL NADU\

\f1\b0 Tour Type : Family, Religious\

\f0\b \
DURATION : 
\f1\b0 5N/6D\

\f0\b (
\f1\b0 Kanchipuram 1N + Kumbhakonam 2N + Chidambaram, Pondicherry 1N + Mahabalipuram, Chennai 1N
\f0\b )\
\
Highlights:\

\f1\b0 1 NIGHT KANCHIPURAM :MM HOTELS /similar\
2 NIGHTS KUMBHAKONAM : Svatma/similar\
1 NIGHT PONDICHERRY : HOTEL SHENBAGA/similar\
1 NIGHT CHENNAI : Hyatt Regency /similar\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 Beautiful tour of Temples in Tamilnadu\
Visit Shiv kanchi and Vishnu Kanchi Temples at Kanchipuram\
Shore Temple - A UNESCO World Heritage Site visit at Pondicherry\
Visit to Peaceful Arobindo Ashram, Matru Mandir\
Visit to Shore Temple at Mahabalipuram A UNESCO World Heritage Site\
Beautiful Temple town at Kumbhakonam\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \
Itinerary:\

\f1\b0 \ul DAY 1\ulnone  : CHENNAI - KANCHIPURAM\
Arrive at Chennai Airport. Report to Coach and Proceed to Kanchipuram. In the evening visit Shiv Kanchi and Vishnu Kanchi Temple.\
\
\ul DAY 2\ulnone  : KANCHIPURAM - KUMBHAKONAM\
Proceed to Kumbhakonam. Arrive in Kumbhakonam in the evening. Kumbakonam is located along the banks of the Kaveri and Arasalar rivers in Tamil Nadu\'92s Thanjavur district.\
\
\ul DAY 3\ulnone  : KUMBHAKONAM\
Kumbhakonam a Temple Town. Visit Airavateshwar Temple, A UNESCO World Heritage Site famous for its Carved stories on the walls. Visit Adi Kumbeswarar Temple, the oldest in the Town built by the cholas in 7th Century. Also visit Nageswaraswamy and Kasi Viswanathar Temple. Sarangapani Temple with Twelve storey is the largest vaishnav shrine in the town built in 15th Century. The Chakrapani Temple has an awe-inspiring eight-armed idol of Vishnu, known as the Sudarshana Chakra avatar. Visit Mahamaham Tank.\
\
\ul DAY 4\ulnone  : KUMBHAKONAM - CHIDAMBARAM - PONDICHERRY\
Proceed to Pondicherry. Enroute Visit Chidambaram. Visit Chadambaram Natraja Temple , Also called as Thillai Natrajar Temple. A major shrine of Lord Shiva worship since the classical period. Chidambaram is Considered as the birthplace of the sculpture and bronze image representation of Lord Shiva as the cosmic dancer. Arrive in Pondicherry in the evening. Visit Promenade Beach(Rocky Beach) orientation tour includes Mahatma Gandhi War Memorial, French War Memorial, Street signs in Tamil & French. Visit Cathedral of Our Lady of Immaculate built in 1736. Free time at Pondicherry Beach.
\f0\b Extra Topping :\'a0
\f1\b0 Tea / Coffee / Soft drink at Pondicherry Beach.\
\
\ul DAY 5\ulnone  : PONDICHERRY - MAHABALIPURAM - CHENNAI\
Visit Shri Aurobindo Ashram, Matru Mandir and Church of Sacred Heart of Jesus. Procced to Chennai. En-route visit Shore temple - classified as a UNESCO World Heritage Site,Arjuna Penance and Five Rathas, Crocodile park at Mahabalipuram. Arrive in Chennai. Evening Free time for Shopping\
\
\ul DAY 6\ulnone  : DEPARTURE FROM CHENNAI\
Board the flight for your hometown. Tour Concludes.\

\f0\b \
TOUR COST:
\f1\b0 \
ADULT : Rs 37,990 (extra bed 4,000)\
TRIPLE : Rs 36,990 (extra bed 4,000)\
SINGLE : Rs 49,990 (extra bed 4,000)\
CHILD 5-11years without mattress : Rs 30,990\
CHILD  5-11 years with mattress : Rs 34,990\
CHILD 2-4years : Rs 21,900\
INFANT : Rs 6,990\
\

\f0\b TOUR COST INCLUSIONS :
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 *Accommodation on twin sharing basis for the duration of the tour in the itinerary.\
*Meals as mentioned in the itinerary.\
*Coach transfers from First day meeting point of the group to the last day of the dropping point of the group of the tour.\
*All entrance fees of the sightseeing places mentioned in the itinerary.\
*Services of the Tour Manager from the first day of meeting point to the last day dropping point of the tour.\
*Guide Tips, Driver tips & Restaurant Tips.\
*A complimentary travel bag and cap.\
*Cost of economy class return airfare from Mumbai / region (if specifically mentioned) for Airport to Airport Tours.\
*Cost of any internal airfare if specified in the itinerary.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
TOUR COST EXCLUSIONS :
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 *Cost of any individual Airport / Seaport / Railway station transfer to joining and leaving guests.\
*Any Increase in the Airfare / Rail fare / Cruise Charges.\
*Any Increase in the fuel surcharge or any kind of taxes levied by the respective government or statutory bodies.\
*Any Increase in the rate of exchange leading to an increase in all land arrangements which may come in to effect prior to departure.\
*Cost of extension of the validity or deviation from the route of the tour\
*Porterage, laundry, wines & alcoholic beverages, mineral water (unless specified), telephone charges, shopping, all items of personal nature and also food and drinks not forming the part of the group menus.\
*Cost of Insurance for any extra stay pre/post tour.\
*Any extra expenses incurred for changing the route due to any unforeseen circumstances, forced majuire instances, natural calamities, political disturbances, strikes etc.\
*Extra cost incurred due to illness, accident, hospitalization or any Individual unforeseen cost incurring incidence.\
*Any private transfers taken to move from one place to another instead of coach\
*Additional extra topping if taken\
*If any activity/sightseeing done twice\
*Any add-on sightseeing/activities along with transfers if done other than mentioned in the tour program.\
*Fur coats/Jackets to visit snow point or any special attire required to visit any particular sightseeing place.\
*Any upgradation in the room category or air line class\
*Service or Government taxes as applicable from time to time\
*Anything not specifically mentioned in 'Your Tour Price Includes Column'.}