{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 MALABAR HILLS 
\f1\b0 \
Tour Type : Family, Honeymoon\
\

\f0\b DURATION
\f1\b0  : 7N/8D\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1 NIGHT BANGLORE + 1 NIGHT MYSORE + 2 NIGHTS OOTY + 3 NIGHTS KODAI)\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f0\b Highlights
\f1\b0  
\f0\b :
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1 NIGHT  BANGLORE :  HOTEL PAI VISTA\
1 NIGHT  MYSORE : HOTEL PAI VISTA /QUORUM / SIMILAR \
2 NIGHTS OOTY : GEM PARK / SIMILAR \
3 NIGHTS KODAI : KODAI INTERNATIONAL / LE POSHE / SIMILAR\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Itinerary :\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 DAY 01\ulnone : BANGALORE \
Arrive At Bangalore Airport, where every season carries a holiday mood, a city called the Garden City of India, a city which keeps pace with the latest trends and fashion. Bangalore has always tried to keep itself peppy and jazzy. Check in at Hotel. Evening free for sight seeing at Lalbaugh gardens & Banglore palace & Fort, Vidhan Sabha, Bull temple.Overnight at Bangalore. \
\
\ul DAY 02\ulnone : BANGALORE - MYSORE \
After Breakfast proceed for Mysore, (approx. 03 hrs drive). Mysore is the previous capital of Wadiyars, the rulers of Mysore state. Mysore has never failed to mesmerize the tourists with its quaint charm, rich heritage, magnificent palaces, beautifully laid-out gardens, imposing buildings, broad shady avenues and sacred temples. The charm leaves no one untouched. Mysore has emerged as a thriving market for exotic sandalwood & incense, the Mysore silk sarees and stone carved sculptures. Arrive &check in at Hotel. Evening enjoy the fascinating view of Grand Maharaja Palace or Mysore Palace illuminated by 65000 bulbs & Brindavan Gardens Overnight at Mysore. \
\
\ul DAY 03\ulnone : MYSORE \'96 OOTY \
After breakfast proceed for Ooty (approx. 05 hrs Drive). Arrive and check in at Hotel.In Evening free to visit Botanical Gardens Overnight at Ooty. \
\
\ul DAY 04\ulnone : OOTY \
After breakfast proceed for local sight seeing Of Ooty Which Includes Doddapetta peak, Tea Factory and Rose Garden. Overnight at Ooty. \
\
\ul DAY 05\ulnone : OOTY \'96 KODAIKANAL \
After breakfast proceed for Kodaikanal, (approx 6 hrs drive). Kodaikanal is one of the most popular serene hill stations in India. With her wooded slopes, mighty rocks, enhancing waterfalls and a beautiful lake, Kodaikanal will mesmerize any visitor. Arrive and check in at Hotel . Overnight at Kodaikanal. \
\
\ul DAY 06\ulnone : KODAIKANAL \
After breakfast proceed for Kodaikanal local sight seeing, which includes Bryant Park, Coaker\'92s Walk, Lord Murugan Temple, Telescope Houses, Green Valley View, The Pillar Rocks, Bear Shola Falls. Overnight at Kodaikanal. \
\
\ul DAY 07\ulnone : KODAIKANAL \
Day free for an excursion trip to silver cascade Water falls. Evening free for Boating at Kodai Lake.(Optional). Overnight at Kodaikanal. DAY 08: KODAIKANAL \'96 COIMBATORE After breakfast Proceed to Coimbatore airport (approx 4 hrs drive) to board flight for further journey. Tour ends.\
\

\f0\b TOUR COST:\

\f1\b0 33,499/- PER PERSON ON TWIN SHARING \
30,499/- EXTRA ADULT WITH EXTRA MATTRESS IN SAME ROOM \
24,499/- CHILD WITH EXTRA MATTRESS (4 TO 11 YEAR) \
18,499/- CHILD WITHOUT BED ( 4 TO 11 YEAR) \
6,499/- CHILD BELOW 4 YEAR ONLY SEAT IN CAR 
\f0\b \
\
TOUR COST INCLUSION: 
\f1\b0 \
* Accommodation at the hotels mentioned on twin sharing basis. \
* Daily Breakfast & Dinner. \
* Transfer & sightseeing by A/c Innova (shared by 06 paying pax) \
\

\f0\b TOUR COST EXCLUSION:
\f1\b0  \
* All items of personal nature, optional tours, insurance, tips, laundry, bisleri, telephone charges, excess baggage, No entry fees and also food and drinks not forming part of the group menus and anything not specifically mentioned in \'93tour price includes\'94 \
* 5 % service tax extra mandatory \
* Any Airfare / train fare}