{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 UTTRANCHAL
\f1\b0 \
Tour Type : Family, Honeymoon\
\

\f0\b DURATION
\f1\b0  : 7N/8D\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(2 CORBETT + 2 KAUSANI + 3 NAINITAL)\
\

\f0\b Highlights :
\f1\b0  \
2 NIGHTS STAY IN JIM CORBETT : PRATIKSHA RIVER RETREAT / SIMILAR \
2 NIGHTS STAY IN KAUSANI : PRATIKSHA HIMALAYAN RETREAT / SIMILAR \
3 NIGHTS STAY IN NAINITAL(BHIMTAL) : HOTEL HARSHIKHAR / SIMILAR \
\

\f0\b Itinerary :
\f1\b0 \
\ul DAY 01\ulnone : DELHI \'96 CORBETT \
Arrive Delhi airport proceed to Corbett ( approx 6 hrs drive). The Jim Corbett National Park is India's first national Park and was established in 1936. It is located on the banks of the Ramganga River and covers an area of 520 square kms. It is now an ideal spot for flora and fauna. Arrive and check in at PRATIKSHA RIVER RETREAT / SIMILAR. Day free for leisure activities. Overnight at Corbett. (Dinner) \
\
\ul DAY 02\ulnone : CORBETT \
Enjoy the early morning jeep safari (optional) & enjoy the wild life sanctuary Day free for leisure activities. Overnight at Corbett. (Breakfast and Dinner) \
\
\ul DAY 03\ulnone : CORBETT \'96 KAUSANI \
After breakfast proceed for Kausani (4Hrs drive) journey. Arrive & check in PRATIKSHA HIMALAYAN RETREAT / SIMILAR. Day free for Rest and leisure. Overnight at Kausani. (Breakfast and Dinner) \
\
\ul DAY 04\ulnone : KAUSANI \
After breakfast proceed for local sightseeing which includes Golf Garden, Army Museum and Tea Garden. Evening free for rest. Overnight at Kausani. (Breakfast and Dinner) \
\
\ul DAY 05\ulnone : KAUSANI - NAINITAL \
After breakfast proceed to to Nainital ( approx 2 \'bd hrs drive). Nainital is a beautiful hill district nestled in the lap of the Central Himalayas in the Kumaon region. Arrive by late afternoon & check in at HOTEL HARSHIKHAR / SIMILAR. Evening free for leisure activities. Overnight at Nainital. (Breakfast and Dinner) . \
\
\ul DAY 06\ulnone : NAINITAL \
After breakfast visit the Nainital Zoo & Cable Car ride(OPTIONAL). Evening free to enjoy boating at Naini Lake (optional) & Shopping at mall road. Overnight at Nainital. (Breakfast and Dinner) \
\
\ul DAY 07\ulnone : NAINITAL \
After early Lunch proceed for an excursion trip to Bhimtal, Naukuchia Tal and Saat Tal. Overnight at Nainital. (Breakfast and Dinner) \
\
\ul DAY 08\ulnone : NAINITAL - DELHI \
After breakfast proceed for Delhi airport (approx 8 Hrs drive) to board a flight for Mumbai. Tour ends with Sweet Memories. (Breakfast)\
\

\f0\b TOUR COST
\f1\b0 : (02 PAX 04 PAX 06 PAX) \
PER PERSON : 36000 , 31500 ,,28500 \
EXTRA ADULT WITH MATTRESS : 33000 , 28500 , 25500 \
EXTRA CHILD WITH MATTRESS 5 TO 12 YRS : 27000 , 23500 , 21500 \
EXTRA CHILD WITHOUT MATTRESS 5 TO 12 YRS : 21500 , 19000 , 17100\
\

\f0\b TOUR INCLUSIONS:
\f1\b0 \
* Accommodation at the Hotels mentioned on twin sharing basis. \
* Breakfast & Dinner with special arrangement for Jain Meals. \
* Transfers, sightseeing and surface transportation by \
* AC ETIOS / DZIRE FOR 02 PAX \
* AC INNOVA FOR 4 OR 6 PAX \
\

\f0\b TOUR COST EXCLUSIONS:
\f1\b0 \
* 5% GST\
* Any airfare / train fare. \
* ROPE WAY / ZOO TICKET AT NAINITAL ANY ENTEY FEES/JUNGLE SAFARI AT CORBITT . \
* All items of personal nature, optional tours, insurance, tips, mineral water, laundry and telephone charges, safari charges and entrance fees. 
\f2 \uc0\u61691 
\f1  Anything not specifically mentioned in \'93tour price includes\'94.}