{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green47\blue64;
\red38\green38\blue38;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c17647\c24314\c32157;
\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\csgray\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11540\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 JAMMU & KASHMIR
\f1\b0 \
Tour Type : Family\
\

\f0\b DURATION
\f1\b0  : 6N/7D\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(Srinagar 4N(House-boat 1N,Hotel 3N) + Pahalgam 2N, Chandanwari, Gulmarg, Khilanmarg (Affarwat), Sonamarg)\
\

\f0\b Highlights:\

\f1\b0 4 NIGHTS Srinagar : The Orchard Retreat & Spa/Wangnoo Sheraton Group of houseboats/similar
\f0\b \

\f1\b0 2 NIGHTS Pahalgam : Hotel Heevan/Pahalgam Hotel/similar\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Enjoy a pleasurable Shikara ride in Dal lake, famous for natural beauty and vibrance\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 Immerse yourself in the local culture as you photograph yourself in Kashmiri outfits\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 Visit two intensely beautiful Mughal gardens; Nishat bagh-the garden of pleasure and Shalimar bagh-the abode of love\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 Experience one of the World Highest Cable Car ride up to the Affarwat snow point\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 Enjoy riverside trek along the Lidder river\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 Visit Gulamrg - Meadow of Flowers
\f2\fs26 \cf5 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \

\f0\b Itinerary:
\f1\b0 \
\ul DAY 1\ulnone  : SRINAGAR\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Arrive at Srinagar Airport, report to the House Boat.\
\
\ul DAY 2 \ulnone : SRINAGAR-PAHALGAM\
Proceed to Pahalgam. En-route visit Avantipur ruins, Cricket bat factory and pass-by the Pampore Saffron fields.
\f0\b Extra Topping :\'a0
\f1\b0 Tea / Coffee / Soft Drink en-route to Pahalgam and Kashmiri cookies at Avantipur Ruins.\
\
\ul DAY 3\ulnone  : PAHALGAM-CHANDANWARI-PAHALGAM\
Proceed to Chandanwari for a magnificent view of Lidder valley. Visit Aru Valley - a fascinating Valley around 15 km from Pahalgam. Photograph yourself in Kashmiri outfits at various photo studios of Pahalgam.\
\
\ul DAY 4\ulnone  : PAHALGAM-SRINAGAR\
Proceed to Srinagar. Visit Shankaracharya hill and the holy temple. Enjoy Dal Lake Shikara ride and visit island of Char Chinar. Photograph yourself in Kashmiri outfits at Char Chinar. In the afternoon visit Nishat Bagh -'The garden of pleasure' and Shalimar Bagh-'Abode of Love'. Enjoy get together with your travel companions in the evening.
\f0\b Extra Topping :\'a0
\f1\b0 Bhutta(corn) / Pop corn, Tea / Coffee / Soft Drink at Shalimar Gardens and Kawa \'96 a Kashmiri Tea at Char Chinar.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26 \cf2 \cb6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 DAY 5\ulnone  :SRINAGAR-GULMARG-KHILANMARG-SRINAGAR\
Visit Gulmarg - known as 'Meadow of Flowers'. En-route view the apple orchards. See the Golf Course and enjoy the longest Cable Car ride up to the Affarwat snow point. Free time to play and enjoy in the snow.
\f0\b Extra Topping :\'a0
\f1\b0 Coffee at Kondogri, Gulmarg.\
\
\ul DAY 6\ulnone : SRINAGAR-SONAMARG-SRINAGAR\
Visit Sonamarg - known as 'Meadow of Gold' where you can enjoy optional activities on your own. Later visit the carpet factory. Enjoy free time for shopping.\
\
\ul DAY 7 \ulnone : DEPARTURE FROM SRINAGAR\
Board the flight for your hometown. Tour Concludes.
\f2\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 TOUR COST:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 ADULT : Rs 33,990 (extra bed 4,000)\
TRIPLE : Rs 31,990 (extra bed 4,000)\
SINGLE : Rs 44,990 (extra bed 4,000)\
CHILD 5-11years without mattress : Rs 24,990\
CHILD  5-11 years with mattress : Rs 26,990\
CHILD 2-4years : Rs 13,900\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26 \cf5 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 TOUR COST INCLUSIONS :
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 *\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Accommodation on twin sharing basis for the duration of the tour in the itinerary.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 *Meals as mentioned in the itinerary.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 *Coach transfers from First day meeting point of the group to the last day of the dropping point of the group of the tour.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 *All entrance fees of the sightseeing places mentioned in the itinerary.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 *Services of the Tour Manager from the first day of meeting point to the last day dropping point of the tour.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 *Guide Tips, Driver tips & Restaurant Tips.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 *A complimentary travel bag and cap.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 *Cost of economy class return airfare from Mumbai / region (if specifically mentioned) for Airport to Airport Tours.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 *Cost of any internal airfare if specified in the itinerary.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf2 TOUR COST EXCLUSIONS :
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 *Cost of Rail or Airfare to and from the meeting and dropping place of the tour except Airport to Airport Tours / specifically mentioned in the tour itinerary.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 *Cost of any individual Airport / Railway station transfer\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 *Any Increase in the Airfare / Hotel tariff charges.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 *Any Increase in the fuel surcharge or any kind of taxes levied by the respective government or statutory bodies.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 *Cost of extension of the validity or deviation from the route of the tour in case of Airport to Airport tours.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 *Porterage(Coolie charges), laundry, wines & alcoholic beverages, mineral water (unless specified), telephone charges, shopping, all items of personal nature and also food and drinks not forming the part of the group menus.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 *Cost of Insurance.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 *Extra stay pre/post tour.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 *Any extra expenses incurred for changing the route due to any unforeseen circumstances, forced majuire instances, natural calamities, political disturbances, strikes etc.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 *Extra cost incurred due to illness, accident, hospitalization or any Individual unforeseen cost incurring incidence.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 *In case of Pilgrimage tours cost of horse back, Doli, Helicopter (unless specifically mentioned), chopper etc.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 *Any private transfers taken to move from one place to another instead of coach.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 *Additional extra topping if taken.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 *If\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 any activity/sightseeing done twice.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 *Any add-on sightseeing/activities along with transfers if done other than mentioned in the tour program.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 *Fur coats/Jackets to visit snow point or any special attire required to visit any particular sightseeing place.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 *Any upgradation in the room category or air line class
\f2\fs26 \cf5 .\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26 \cf5 \cb3 \
\
\
}