{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red83\green83\blue83;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c40000\c40000\c40000;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 GOA
\f1\b0 \
Tour Type : Family ,  Beach Exploration\
\

\f0\b DURATION
\f1\b0  : 4N/5D\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
4N GOA\
\

\f0\b Highlights:\

\f1\b0 4 NIGHTS GOA : Park regis/Adamo the bells/ The acacia hotel/Citrus hotel/Whispering palms resort \
\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Itinerary:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 DAY 1 \ulnone :Arrive Goa\
Arrive at Goa Airport and transfer to the Hotel. On Arrival check in to your hotel followed by non alcoholic welcome drink. Rest of the day is at leisure. You may explore the local area and beaches today evening and indulge in street shopping. Overnight stay at the hotel. \
\
\ul DAY 2 \ulnone : Fun activities at The Grand Island Trip \
Post early breakfast today, will pick you from the hotel (in North Goa) and go for half day tour to 'The Grand Island Tour' coupled with Dolphin chasing, Snorkeling, Thread Fishing, Sea Swimming, complimentary drinks and finally Lunch at a beach with 'hot n fresh' BBQ fish. Later, return to hotel and spend the day at leisure. Overnight stay at the Hotel. Note: Kids below 5yrs and adults above 60yrs are not permitted for this activity. South Goa hoteltransfers will have additional cost of 1500 per vehicle to and fro.\
\
\ul DAY 3\ulnone  : North and South Goa Sightseeing \
Today post breakfast, will explore Goa covering Fort Aguada, Sinquerim Beach, Shree Manguesh Temple, Old Goa Churches, Dona Paula, Shopping time at Panjim, Miramar Beach, Lunch at Spice Plantation - at extra cost, Mandovi River Cruise at extra cost on direct payment only. Return to the hotel in the evening and spend the rest of evening at leisure. Overnight stay at the hotel. \
\
\ul DAY 4 \ulnone : Enjoy Water Sport at Calangute Beach \
There is no fun visiting Goa without enjoying water sports in the season. Today head out to one of the most iconic - Calangute beach and enjoy water sports (Jet Ski, Parasailing, Banana Boat Ride and Ringo Boat Ride). Note: Kids below 5 yrs and adults above 60yrs are not permitted for this activity. Water sports activities purely depends on weather conditions. You are advised to reach Calangute beach on your own from the hotel you are staying (either in North or South Goa). Pick up and drop from the hotel will be at additional charges for today. www.sotc.in \
\
\ul DAY 5\ulnone  :Departure drop \
After breakfast, transfer to Goa airport for your onward journey. END OF TOUR / SERVICES\
\

\f0\b TOUR COST:
\f1\b0 \
ADULT : Rs 21,990 (extra bed 1,000)\
TRIPLE : Rs 20,990 (extra bed 1,000)\
SINGLE : Rs 31,990 (extra bed 1,000)\
CHILD 5-11years without mattress : Rs 15,990\
CHILD  5-11 years with mattress : Rs 16,990\
CHILD 2-4years : Rs 7,900\
\

\f0\b TOUR COST INCLUSIONS :
\f1\b0 \
*\cb3 Accommodation on twin sharing basis (Base category rooms)\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 *\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Return private airport transfers by small vehicle (hatchback) (supplement for sedan will be INR 1050\cb1  \cb3 per vehicle both ways)\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 *\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Non-alcoholic welcome drink on arrival\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 *\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Daily Breakfast at the hotel.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 *\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Half Day trip to The Grand Island trip including Dolphin chasing, snorkeling, thread fishing\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 *\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
One full day North & South Goa Sightseeing trip by private vehicle.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 *\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
04 Water sports at the famous Calangute Beach (subject to weather conditions)\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 *\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Complimentary use of Tea / Coffee Maker, replenished once a day.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 *\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Two bottles of Mineral Water replenished daily in the room.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 *\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Free use of Swimming Pool, and other recreation activities.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 *\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Children below the age of 5 years will be complimentary without extra bed in the same room\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf2 TOUR COST EXCLUSIONS :
\f1\b0 \
*Any Air or Rail fare.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 *Any other meal not mentioned in price includes.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 *Any other destination not mentioned in itinerary.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 *Any monument entrance fees, camera fees, guide charges.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 *Any expenses of personal nature.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 *GST as applicable.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
}