{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red38\green38\blue38;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl340\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 TAMIL NADU
\f1\b0 \
Tour Type : Family \
\

\f0\b DURATION
\f1\b0  : 4N/5D\
(1N MADURAI + 1N RAMESHWARAM + 1N KANYAKUMARI + 1N TRIVENDRUM)\
\

\f0\b Highlights:\

\f1\b0 1 night MADURAI : HOTEL ASTORIA/similar\
1 night RAMESHWARAM : HOTEL RAMESHWARAM GRAND/similar\
1 night KANYAKUMARI : SINGAAAR INTERNATIONAL/similar\
1 night TRIVENDRUM : CASA IN LUXURY SUITES/similar\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A short tour to 3 major pilgrim places of the south\
Enjoy sightseeing at kanyakumari-Swami vivekanand rock memorial, Kanyakumari Mandir,Tri Samudra milan,Gandhi Mandapam\
Tiruchendur - visit to hindu temple dedicated to Lord Muruga\
Visit to one of the dham - Rameshwaram dedicated to Lord Shiva\
Visit Meenakshi temple at Madurai\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl340\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl340\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \
Itinerary:\

\f1\b0 \ul DAY 1\ulnone  : MADURAI \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Arrive at Madurai, report to coach & proceed to hotel. Evening visit light & sound show & Mahatma Gandhi Museum. 
\f0\b Extra Topping :\'a0
\f1\b0 Tea / Coffee / Soft drink at Madurai\
\
\ul DAY 2 \ulnone : MADURAI - RAMESHWARAM\
Visit Meenakshi temple - Madurai's claim to fame for its meticulous colorful carvings on the Gopurams (towers), in the vivid Dravidian image of Gods, Goddess, animal and mythical figures. Later proceed to Rameshwaram.
\f0\b Extra Topping :\'a0
\f1\b0 Coconut water at Meenakshi Temple\
\
\ul DAY 3 \ulnone : RAMESHWARAM - TIRUCHENDUR - KANYAKUMARI\
Early morning take Shpatik linga Darshan at the famous Ramanathan temple - a Master Piece in Dravidian Architecture. Proceed to Kanyakumari via Tiruchendur \'96 the sea shore temple of Subrahmanyam, is one of the delightful spots sanctified and venerated by every Hindu. Arrive in Kanyakumari. Enjoy sunset in the evening.
\f0\b Extra Topping :\'a0
\f1\b0 Coconut water at Rameshwaram\
\
\ul DAY 4 \ulnone : KANYAKUMARI - TRIVENDRUM\
Visit Swami Vivekanand Rock Memorial. Visit the meditation hall and the smarak. Visit Kanyakumari mandir (One of the Fifty Two Shakti Peethas), Tri smudra milan & Gandhi mandapam. Evening visit Suchindram temple. (One of the Fifty Two Shakti Peethas). Proceed to Trivendrum. Arrive in Trivendrum.
\f0\b Extra Topping :\'a0
\f1\b0 Targola / Coconut water at Gandhi Mandapam\
\
\ul DAY 5 \ulnone : DEPARTURE FROM TRIVENDRUM\
In the morning Visit Padmanabh Swami Temple, Raja Ravi Varma Art Gallery and Napier Museum (subject to operation). Proceed to Trivendrum Airport. Board the flight to your Home Town. Tour Conclude\
\

\f0\b TOUR COST:
\f1\b0 \
ADULT : Rs 33,990 (extra bed 2,000)\
TRIPLE : Rs 32,990 (extra bed 2,000)\
SINGLE : Rs 39,990 (extra bed 2,000)\
CHILD 5-11years without mattress : Rs 29,990\
CHILD  5-11 years with mattress : Rs 23,990\
CHILD 2-4years : Rs 5,900\
\

\f0\b TOUR COST INCLUSIONS :
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 *Accommodation on twin sharing basis for the duration of the tour in the itinerary.\
*Meals as mentioned in the itinerary.\
*Coach transfers from First day meeting point of the group to the last day of the dropping point of the group of the tour.\
*All entrance fees of the sightseeing places mentioned in the itinerary.\
*Services of the Tour Manager from the first day of meeting point to the last day dropping point of the tour.\
*Guide Tips, Driver tips & Restaurant Tips.\
*A complimentary travel bag and cap.\
*Cost of economy class return airfare from Mumbai / region (if specifically mentioned) for Airport to Airport Tours.\
*Cost of any internal airfare if specified in the itinerary.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
TOUR COST EXCLUSIONS :
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 *Cost of any individual Airport / Seaport / Railway station transfer to joining and leaving guests.\
*Any Increase in the Airfare / Rail fare / Cruise Charges.\
*Any Increase in the fuel surcharge or any kind of taxes levied by the respective government or statutory bodies.\
*Any Increase in the rate of exchange leading to an increase in all land arrangements which may come in to effect prior to departure.\
*Cost of extension of the validity or deviation from the route of the tour\
*Porterage, laundry, wines & alcoholic beverages, mineral water (unless specified), telephone charges, shopping, all items of personal nature and also food and drinks not forming the part of the group menus.\
*Cost of Insurance for any extra stay pre/post tour.\
*Any extra expenses incurred for changing the route due to any unforeseen circumstances, forced majuire instances, natural calamities, political disturbances, strikes etc.\
*Extra cost incurred due to illness, accident, hospitalization or any Individual unforeseen cost incurring incidence.\
*Any private transfers taken to move from one place to another instead of coach\
*Additional extra topping if taken\
*If any activity/sightseeing done twice\
*Any add-on sightseeing/activities along with transfers if done other than mentioned in the tour program.\
*Fur coats/Jackets to visit snow point or any special attire required to visit any particular sightseeing place.\
*Any upgradation in the room category or air line class\
*Service or Government taxes as applicable from time to time\
*Anything not specifically mentioned in 'Your Tour Price Includes Column'.}