{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red34\green47\blue64;
\red34\green47\blue64;\red38\green38\blue38;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c17647\c24314\c32157;
\cssrgb\c17647\c24314\c32157;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl340\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 GUJARAT
\f1\b0 \
Tour Type : Family, Religious\
\

\f0\b DURATION 
\f1\b0 : 5N/6D\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1N \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Somnath  + \outl0\strokewidth0 2N \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Porbandar, Dwarka  + \outl0\strokewidth0 1N \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Bet Dwarka, Bhuj  + \outl0\strokewidth0 1N \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Tent city)\
\

\f0\b Highlights 
\f1\b0 :\
1 NIGHT IN SOMNATH : \strokec6 HOTEL SUN PLAZA or Similar\strokec5 \
2 NIGHTS DWARKA : \strokec6 GRAND DWARIKA or Similar\strokec5 \
1 NIGHT BHUJ : \strokec6 REGENTA RESORT BHUJ or Similar\strokec5 \
1 NIGHT DHORDO : T\strokec6 ENT CITY DHORDO or Similar\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 Kaba Gandhi No Delo, Gandhijis House where he spent early days of Life\
Beautifully constructed Somnath Temple\
Bhalka Tirth - Shri Krishnas last breathing place, from where he ascended to his eternal abode\
Dwarkadheesh Temple - One of the Sacred Four Dhams\
Interior and Exterior Beauty of Aina and Prag Mahal\
Grandeur of Sunset at Rann of Kutch\
Experience Stay & Entertainment activities at Tent city kesari\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b Itinerary:
\f1\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\ul DAY 1\ulnone  : Rajkot - Somnath \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 Arrive in Rajkot. Proceed to Somnath. Arrive in Somnath. Visit Ahilyabai Holkar Sorti Somnath Mandir, New Somnath Jyotirlinga Mandir \'96 one of the most sacred Jyotirlings of Lord Shiva. Enjoy the light and sound show at Somnath temple.
\f0\b Extra Topping :\'a0
\f1\b0 Tea/ Coffee / Soft Drinks enroute to Somnath\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \ul \ulc2 DAY 2\ulnone  : Samantha-Porbandar-Dwarka\
Triveni Sangam , Geeta Mandir/Balramji ki Gupha, Dehotsarg Teerth. Later proceed to Dwarka via Veraval. En-route visit, Bhalka Tirtha, Porbandar - Kirti Mandir, Sudama Mandir. Arrive in Dwarka, Dwarka is the legendary dwelling place of Lord Krishna.
\f0\b Extra Topping :\'a0
\f1\b0 Frooti at Dwarka\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ul \outl0\strokewidth0 DAY 3 \ulnone : Dwarka - Bet dwarka - Dwarka \
\ls1\ilvl0\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 Visit Dwarkadheesh Mandir one of the sacred Dhams and Sharada peeth - one of the 'Matths' established by Adi Shankaracharya. Proceed to Bet Dwarka(Subject to Operation) - residence of Lord Shri Krishna. On arrival visit Ranchodadas Temple and Rukmini temple. Proceed to Dwarka enroute visit Nageshwar Temple.
\f0\b Extra Topping :\'a0
\f1\b0 Tea/ Coffee / Soft Drinks at Bet Dwarka\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\
\ls1\ilvl0\ul DAY 4 \ulnone : Dwarka - Bhuj\
\ls1\ilvl0\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 Proceed to Bhuj by coach . Arrive in the evening in Bhuj. 
\f0\b Extra Topping :\'a0
\f1\b0 Frooti on route to Bhuj.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\
\ls1\ilvl0\ul DAY 5\ulnone  : Bhuj - Tent city\
\ls1\ilvl0\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 Visit Kutch Museum in Bhuj is the oldest museum of Gujarat. Visit to Aina Mahal, Prag Mahal. Visit Swaminarayan Mandir. Proceed to Tent City (Dhordo). Welcome to the Rann Utsav. In the evening we proceed to White Rann to witness the Grandeur of Sunset. Enjoy get together with your travel companions.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\
\ls1\ilvl0\ul DAY 6\ulnone  : Tent City - Departure from Bhuj \
\ls1\ilvl0\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 Board the Train to your Home town. Tour Concludes.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \

\f0\b TOUR COST:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ADULT : Rs 30,990 (extra bed 2,000)\
TRIPLE : Rs 28,990 (extra bed 2,000)\
SINGLE : Rs 41,990 (extra bed 2,000)\
CHILD 5-11years without mattress : Rs 24,990\
CHILD  5-11 years with mattress : Rs 25,990\
CHILD 2-4years : Rs 11,900\
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 TOUR COST INCLUSIONS:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 *Accommodation on twin sharing basis for the duration of the tour in the itinerary.\
*Meals as mentioned in the itinerary\
*Coach transfers from First day meeting point of the group to the last day of the dropping point of the group of the tour.\
*All entrance fees of the sightseeing places mentioned in the itinerary.\
*Services of the Tour Manager from the first day of meeting point to the last day dropping point of the tour.\
*Guide Tips, Driver tips & Restaurant Tips.\
*A complimentary travel bag and cap.\
*Cost of economy class return airfare from Mumbai / region (if specifically mentioned) for Airport to Airport Tours.\
*Cost of any internal airfare if specified in the itinerary.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec5 TOUR COST EXCLUSIONS:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \strokec6 *Cost of Rail or Airfare to and from the meeting and dropping place of the tour except Airport to Airport Tours / specifically mentioned in the tour itinerary.\
*Cost of any individual Airport / Railway station transfer\
*Any Increase in the Airfare / Hotel tariff charges.\
*Any Increase in the fuel surcharge or any kind of taxes levied by the respective government or statutory bodies.\
*Cost of extension of the validity or deviation from the route of the tour in case of Airport to Airport tours.\
*Porterage(Coolie charges), laundry, wines & alcoholic beverages, mineral water (unless specified), telephone charges, shopping, all items of personal nature and also food and drinks not forming the part of the group menus.\
*Cost of Insurance.\
*Extra stay pre/post tour.\
*Any extra expenses incurred for changing the route due to any unforeseen circumstances, forced majuire instances, natural calamities, political disturbances, strikes etc.\
*Extra cost incurred due to illness, accident, hospitalization or any Individual unforeseen cost incurring incidence.\
*In case of Pilgrimage tours cost of horse back, Doli, Helicopter (unless specifically mentioned), chopper etc.\
*Any private transfers taken to move from one place to another instead of coach.\
*Additional extra topping if taken.\
*If any activity/sightseeing done twice.\
*Any add-on sightseeing/activities along with transfers if done other than mentioned in the tour program.\
*Fur coats/Jackets to visit snow point or any special attire required to visit any particular sightseeing place.\
*Any upgradation in the room category or air line class.\
*Premium seat charges.\
*Service or Government taxes as applicable from time to time.\
*Anything not specifically mentioned in 'Your Tour Price Includes Column'.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 \
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 \
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 \
}