{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 HIMACHAL PRADESH 
\f1\b0 \
Tour Type : Family\
\

\f0\b DURATION
\f1\b0  : 5N/6D\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 (1N AMRITSAR + 2N DALHOUSIE + 2N DHARAMSHALA)\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f0\b Highlights :
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 1 NIGHTS STAY IN AMRITSAR : HOTEL SAWERA GRAND / SIMILAR\'a0\
2 NIGHTS STAY IN DALHOUSIE: MONGAS / SIMILAR\'a0\
2 NIGHTS STAY IN DHARAMSHALA : KAMAL RESIDENCY / SPRING VALLEY / SIMILAR\'a0\
\

\f0\b Itinerary :\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb1 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 DAY 01\ulnone : AMRITSAR Arrive at Amritsar airport & Proceed to hotel. Arrive and check in at HOTEL. In afternoon visit wagha border & golden temple. Overnight at amritsar. \
\
\ul DAY 02\ulnone : AMRITSAR-DALHOUSIE After breakfast proceed for Dalhousie (approx 5 hrs drive) Arrive and check in at HOTEL.Afternoon proceed for Dalhousie local sightseeing visiting Kalatop, Sahid Smarak and in the evening visit sun set point. Overnight at Dalhousie. \
\
\ul DAY 03\ulnone : DALHOUSIE \'96 KHAJJIAR - DALHOUSIE Full day sightseeing to Khajjiar, 18 kms from, Dalhousie. Its one of the most scenic saucer shaped Plateau and is surrounded by dense pine and deodar forests, its beauty has further been enhanced by a small lake in the center with a floating island and 9-hole golf course here are the other interesting places to cover. Return to Dalhousie and Overnight at Dalhousie. \
\
\ul DAY 04\ulnone : DALHOUSIE - DHARAMSHALA After breakfast proceed to Dharamsala approx (4 hours drive) Arrive and Check in at HOTEL. Afternoon proceed for local tour of Dharamshala visiting the Official residence of Dalai Lama the exiled Tibetians Leader. Overnight at Dharamshala. \
\
\ul DAY 05:\ulnone  DHARAMSHALA After breakfast, proceed for Dal Lake sightseeing. Rest of the day free for rest and leisure activities.Overnight at Dharamshala. \
\
\ul DAY 06\ulnone : DHARAMSHALA \'96 AMRITSAR AIRPORT After breakfast, proceed to Airport (Approx 5 hour) to board flight for further journey. Tour ends with sweet memories with Gem Tours. \
\

\f0\b TOUR COST: 
\f1\b0 (2PAX , 4PAX , 6PAX)\
PER PERSON 26,500 , 23,000 , 21,000 \
EXTRA ADULT WITH MATTRESS 23,500 , 20,000 , 18,000 \
EXTRA CHILD WITH MATTRESS 5 TO 12 YRS 19,500 , 17,500 , 15,800 \
EXTRA CHILD WITHOUT MATTRESS 5 TO 12 YRS 16,000 , 13,500 , 12,500\
\

\f0\b TOUR COST INCLUSIONS: 
\f1\b0 \
*Accommodation at the Hotels mentioned on twin sharing basis. \
* Breakfast & Dinner with special arrangement for Jain Meals. \
* Transfers, sightseeing and surface transportation by \
* AC ETIOS / DZIRE FOR 02 PAX \
* AC INNOVA FOR 4 OR 6 PAX \
* (AC is NON \'96 OPERATIONAL on Hills) \
* Rates valid for Indian nationals. \
\

\f0\b TOUR COST EXCLUSIONS: 
\f1\b0 \
* 5% GST Extra. \
* Camera Fees and Any other Personal Expenses, Rafting Charges. \
* Anything which is not mentioned in the inclusion \
* Entry fees. \
* Any air/train fare \
* Heater charges not included in tour cost
\f0\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf3 \
\
}