{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 LEH-LADAKH\

\f1\b0 Tour Type : Adventurous \
\

\f0\b DURATION : 
\f1\b0 7N/8D\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(4 NIGHTS Leh + 1 NIGHT Nubra + 1 NIGHT Sonmarg + 1 NIGHT Kargil )\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \

\f0\b Highlights :\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1 NIGHT in Sonmarg: Hotel The Vista / Sheen Resort / similar \
1 NIGHT in Kargil: Hotel Chutuk Heights/ The Highland Mountain Resort & Spa/similar \
4 NIGHTS in Leh: Hotel The Grand Chubi / similar \
1 NIGHT in Nubra: Nubra boutique camp / Mila Retreat Camp / similar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf2 Places covered -
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 \
Sonmarg: Zozila pass / Drass Village(Gateway to Ladakh & Coldest Place in India) \
Kargil: Kargil Memorial War Museum Leh: Monastery, Museum, Shanti stupa, Rancho school (3 Idiot), \
Leh Palace, Sangam of Indus & Zanskar Rivers, Alchi, Likir Monastery, Magnetic Hill \
Nubra: Double hump camel safari , Diskit monastery ,white desert, Khardung La Pass \
Pangong Lake: Changla pass\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \

\f0\b Itinerary :\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 DAY 01\ulnone : SRINAGAR \'96 SONMARG \
Arrive at Srinagar airport and proceed to Sonmarg (approx. 3 hrs drive). Arrive & check in at HOTEL Day free for rest & leisure. Overnight at Sonmarg. \
\
\ul DAY 02\ulnone : SONMARG \'96 KARGIL \
After breakfast leave for Kargil (approx. 6 hrs drive), by visiting Zozila Pass/ Drass village (2nd coldest inhabited place in the world), Enroute have a magnificent view of Kargil war famous peaks (Tiger hill, Tololing peaks) & visit to Kargil memorial museum, reach Kargil by evening. Arrive & check- in at Hotel. Overnight at Kargil. \
\
\ul DAY 03\ulnone : KARGIL \'96 LEH \
After breakfast leave for Leh (approx. 6 hrs drive) by visiting Likir monastery, magnetic hill, Sangam of Two river, Pathar Sahib Gurudwara & Hall of fame museum. Reach Leh by afternoon. Arrive & check-in at Hotel. Overnight at Leh. \
\
\ul DAY 04\ulnone : LEH \
After breakfast proceed to Hemis, Thikse Monastery & Shey palace. Also Visit shanti stupa & Leh fort. Overnight at Leh. \
\
\ul DAY 05\ulnone : LEH \'96 NUBRA VALLEY \
After breakfast leave by 8.00 am drive to Nubra valley (approx. 5 hrs drive) via Khardungla pass(Highest motorable road in the world, 18,380 ft) reach Diskit by afternoon, rest of the day free for exploring Diskit & Hundar villages, two hump camel safari in sand dunes between Deskit & Hundur Village. Arrive & check-in at Deluxe Camp. Overnight at Nubra Valley. \
\
\ul DAY 06\ulnone : NUBRA VALLY \'96 PANGONG LAKE \'96 LEH \
After early breakfast leave for Pangong Lake (approx 5 hrs drive one way) 14,500 ft, through Changla pass 17,350 ft third highest motorable road in the world. A highest salt water lake in the world, shared by two countries India (25%) & China (75%), enjoy the beauty of lake on banks of the lake while appreciating the changing colors of fascinating high altitude lake. Return back to Leh. Overnight at LEH. \
\
\ul DAY 07\ulnone : LEH (NO VEHICLE) \
Day free for leisure. Overnight at Leh. \
\
\ul DAY 08\ulnone : LEH \
Transfer to airport and leave back for your destination with sweet memories of Ladakh.\
\

\f0\b TOUR COST :
\f1\b0 \
Rs. 35,000/- per person on twin sharing \
Rs. 31,999/- extra adult with extra bed in same room \
Rs. 25,000/- child with bed (5 to 11 year) \
Rs. 20,999/- child without bed (5 to 11 year) \
Rs. 9,999/- child only seat in car (2 to 4 year)\
\

\f0\b TOUR COST INCLUSION :
\f1\b0 \
*Accommodation on twin sharing, basis at the Hotels mentioned above. \
* All sightseeing and transfers in Kashmir part & Scorpio/ Innova / Xylo / Similar vehicle in Leh part (Shared by 5 paying Pax). Car Change at LEH. \
* In Kargil only bfast & dinner \
* All meals with special arrangement for Jain meals by our own chef. \
* Hotel food at Kargil / Nubra / Pangong lake \
\

\f0\b TOUR COST  EXCLUSIONS : 
\f1\b0 \
* Air/ Train fares \
* Monument and museum entry fees, Charges for Rafting, Camera, Movie camera and Vehicle Charges Where co\'92s vehicle not available are not included in the tour cost \
* Cost of camel safari at Nubra \
* Any kind of personal expenses, Extra food & drinks ordered, Porters, Tips, Insurance, Phone calls, laundry, shopping, etc. \
* 5 % GST\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}