{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 DARJEELING - SIKKIM 
\f1\b0 \
Tour Type : Family, Honeymoon\
\

\f0\b DURATION :
\f1\b0  7N/8N\
(3N GANGTOK + 2N PELLING + 2N DARJEELING)\
\

\f0\b Highlights :
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 3 Nights Stay In Gangtok: Royal Orchid / SIMILAR \
2 Nights Stay In Pelling (Yuksum): Aryan Regency / SIMILAR \
2 Nights Stay In Darjeeling: Sanderling / SIMILAR\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 Ghoom Monastery, Batasia Loop, Tiger Point, Japanese Temple, Peace pagoda, Padmaja Naidu Himalayan Zoological Park & Himalayan Mountaineering Institute , Kanchenjunga Falls and Rimbi Water Falls, Khechopalri Lake, Tashi view point, Kabi, Longtsok, Seven sister\'92s water fall, Singhik view point, Tsomgo Lake \'96 Baba mandir\'a0\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \

\f0\b Itinerary:
\f1\b0 \
\ul DAY 01\ulnone : NJP Rly Station / IXB Airport \'96 Gangtok (120 kms / 5 hrs) \
Meet & Greet on arrival at NJP Railway Station / IXB Airport & transfer to Gangtok (5,500 ft.).On arrival Checkin to hotel & rest of the day at leisure. Overnight stay at Gangtok. \
\
\ul DAY 02\ulnone : Excursion to Tsomgo Lake & Baba Mandir \
After breakfast start for an excursion to Tsomgo Lake (12,400 ft.) & Baba Mandir (13,200 ft.) which is 55 kms one way from Gangtok city. Overnight stay at Gangtok. (In case of Land slide or any other reason Tsomgo Lake is closed we will provided alternate sightseeing.) \
\
\ul DAY 03\ulnone : Gangtok\
After Breakfast proceed for Local tour of Gangtok Covering Hanuman Tok, Ganesh tok, Banjhakri Falls, Bakhtang Waterfalls, Tashi View Point, Rumtek monastery, nehru botanical garden. Evening free for Shopping on M.G. Road Overnight stay at Gangtok. \
\
\ul DAY 04\ulnone : Gangtok \'96 Pelling (150 kms / 5 hrs) via Chardham \
After breakfast start for Pelling (6,300 ft.). Enroute visit Temi Tea Garden, Samdruptse & Siddheshwar Dham (Chardham) in Namchi.On arrival check-in to your hotel.Overnight stay at Pelling. \
\
\ul DAY 05\ulnone : Pelling Sightseeing \
After breakfast start for full day sightseeing. 1st Half tour - Darap village, Rimbi water Falls, Khecheopalri Lake &Khangchendzongha waterfalls. In afternoon start for 2nd Half tour - Pemayangtse Monastery, Rabdantse Ruins, New Helipad Ground. Overnight stay at Pelling. \
\
\ul DAY 06\ulnone : Pelling \'96 Darjeeling (80 Kms / 4 hrs) \
After breakfast transfer to Darjeeling (6,950 ft.) via Singla Check post. On arrival check-in to hotel & rest of the day free.Overnight stay at Darjeeling. \
\
\ul DAY 07\ulnone : Darjeeling Sightseeing \
Early Morning (at 04:00 am) drive to Tiger hill (8,400 ft.) to watch the spectacular sunrise over Mt. Khangchendzongha (28,208 ft. Worlds 3rd highest peak), on your way back visit Ghoom Monastery and Batasia Loop. After breakfast visit Himalayan Mountaineering Institute, P.N. Zoological Park (Thursday closed), Tenzing Rock, Tibetan Refugee self-help Centre (Sunday closed), Tea Garden (outer view), Ropeway and Japanese Temple. Evening free for shopping or leisure.Overnight stay at Darjeeling. \
\
\ul DAY 8\ulnone : Darjeeling \'96 NJP Rly Station / IXB airport (75 kms / 3 hrs) \
After breakfast Check-out from hotel on time & transfer to NJP Railway station / IXB Airport for your onward journey.\
\

\f0\b TOUR COST:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 Adult Rs 38,500/- Per Person ( if 02 Pax travelling) \
Adult Rs 30,500/- Per Person ( if 04 Pax travelling) \
Adult Rs 28,500/- Per Person ( if 06 Pax travelling) \
Extra Adult: Rs 26,000/- with extra bed in same room (above 12 year) \
Extra Child: Rs 21,000/- Above 5 years with extra Bed In same room \
Child: Rs 15,000/- Without extra bed (Between 4 to 11 years) \
Child: Rs. 7500/- Below 4 years\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 TOUR COST INCLUSIONS:
\f1\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 * Accommodation on twin/Double Sharing Basis. \
* All the room are base category \
* Breakfast and Dinner at all places. \
* All Transfer & Sightseeing. \
* All applicable Transfers& Sightseeing by NON AC Tata Spacio, Tata Sumo,Max (06 pax in a car) which will not be at disposal and will be exclusively used for the group as per the itinerary only (on point to point basis). This vehicle will also change sector wise. \
* Rates are valid for INDIAN NATIONALS only. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 TOUR COST EXCLUSIONS:
\f1\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 * 5 % GST tax extra. \
* Any airfare/ Train fare. \
* Anything not specifically mentioned in Tour cost prices. \
* Excursion to Nathula Passand Zero Point clients have to pay direct. \
*Entrance Fees & Guide charges. \
* Room Heater Charges}