{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 HIMACHAL PRADESH
\f1\b0 \
Tour Type : Family\
\

\f0\b DURATION :
\f1\b0  6N/7D\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 (01 CHANDIGARH + 02 SHIMLA+ 03 MANALI)\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f0\b Highlights :
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 1 NIGHTS STAY IN CHANDIGARH : HOTEL CLARION / SIMILAR\'a0\
2 NIGHTS STAY IN SHIMLA : SEVILLA GRAND NALDHERA / SIMILAR\'a0\
3 NIGHTS STAY IN MANALI : SERENITY INN / SIMILAR\'a0\
\

\f0\b Itinerary:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 DAY 01\ulnone : CHANDIGARH AIRPORT \
Arrive at chandigarh airport and Proceed Towards Hotel. Arrive and check in at Hotel. In evening, visit Pinjore Garden & Rock Garden. Overnight at Chandigarh. \
\
\ul DAY 02:\ulnone  CHANDIGARH \'96 SHIMLA \
After breakfast, proceed to Shimla (Approx 4 hrs drive). Arrive and check in at HOTEL. Day free for rest and leisure activities. Overnight at Shimla. \
\
\ul DAY 03:\ulnone  SHIMLA \
After breakfast, proceed for local sightseeing of Shimla. Visit Apple Garden, China Peak, Sankat Mochan Temple, Naldehra Ridge & Windows of Christ Church. Return to hotel. Overnight at Shimla. \
\
\ul DAY 04:\ulnone  SHIMLA \'96 MANALI \
After breakfast, proceed to Manali (Approx 7 hrs drive). Arrive and check in at HOTEL. Day free for rest and leisure activities. Overnight at Manali. \
\
\ul DAY 05:\ulnone  MANALI \
After breakfast, proceed for full day tour of Rohtang Pass (Optional) \'96 The majesty of the mountains and the glaciers can be seen at their best; you have next two hours to enjoy this snowy haven. Take a sledge ride down the slopes, try your luck climbing the little snow hills. On your descents to Manali, halt at the Rahalla falls and Solang Valley. The Magnificent views and natural beauty are a never-ending source of delight. Also, halt at Marhi, Ralha falls, Nehru Kund. Return to hotel. Overnight at Manali. \
\
\ul DAY 06\ulnone : MANALI \
After breakfast, proceed for a half day tour of Manali, visiting Hadimba Devi Temple \'96 built in the tranquil and serene woods, Vashist Bath, Tibetian Monastery, Club House and Roerich art Gallery. In the afternoon, proceed for half day, tour of Naggar Castle and local Bazar Ping. Return to the hotel. Overnight at Manali. \
\
\ul DAY 07\ulnone : MANALI \'96 CHANDIGARH AIRPORT \
After breakfast, proceed to Chandigarh Airport (Approx 8 hours) to board flight for further journey. Tour ends with sweet Memories with Gem Tours. \
\

\f0\b TOUR COST: 
\f1\b0 (\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 02 PAX 04 PAX 06 PAX) \
PER PERSON 27,000 , ,23,000 , 20,500 \
EXTRA ADULT WITH MATTRESS 24,000 , 20,000 , 17,500 \
EXTRA CHILD WITH MATTRESS 5 TO 12 YRS 20,500 , 17,500 , 15,500 \
EXTRA CHILD WITHOUT MATTRESS 5 TO 12 YRS 16,500 , 14,000 , 12,500\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\

\f0\b TOUR COST INCLUSIONS:
\f1\b0  \
* Accommodation at the Hotels mentioned on twin sharing basis. \
* Breakfast & Dinner with special arrangement for Jain Meals. \
* Transfers, sightseeing and surface transportation by \
* AC ETIOS / DZIRE FOR 02 PAX \
* AC INNOVA FOR 4 OR 6 PAX \
* (AC is NON \'96 OPERATIONAL on Hills) \
 *Rates valid for Indian nationals. \
\

\f0\b TOUR COST EXCLUSIONS:
\f1\b0  \
* 5% GST Extra. \
* Camera Fees and Any other Personal Expenses, Rafting Charges. \
* Anything which is not mentioned in the inclusion \
* Entry fees. \
* Any air/train fare \
* ROHTANG PASS IS OPTIONAL AND NOT INCLUDED IN TOUR COST \
* Heater charges not included in tour cost \
\
}