{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 RAJASTHAN 
\f1\b0 \
Tour Type : Family\
\

\f0\b DURATION
\f1\b0  : 9N/10D\
(2N JAIPUR + 1N BIKANER + 2N JAISALMER + 2N JODHPUR + 2N UDAIPUR)\
\

\f0\b Highlights :
\f1\b0 \
2 NIGHTS STAY IN JAIPUR : JAIBAGH RESORT / SIMILAR\
1 NIGHT STAY IN BIKANER : VESTA BIKANER PALACE / SIMILAR\
2 NIGHTS JAISALMER : THE DESERT PALACE / SIMILAR\
2 NIGHTS JODHPUR : WELCOMHOTEL / SIMILAR\
2 NIGHTS UDAIPUR : UDAIBAGH / SIMILAR\
\

\f0\b Itinerary :
\f1\b0 \
\ul DAY 01\ulnone  : JAIPUR\
Meet & Greet on arrival at Jaipur Railway Station / Airport & transfer\
to Hotel. Thereafter visit hawa mahal and Jantar mantar observatory.\
Overnight in the Hotel.\
\
\ul DAY 02\ulnone  : JAIPUR\
After breakfast start for full day local sightseeing in Jaipur. Visit Amber\
Fort & Palace, "Gaitore" Cenetophs (Front View), take a photo stop at\
Jal Mahal, City Palace & Museum. Evening free for leisure. Overnight\
in the Hotel.\
\
\ul DAY 03 \ulnone : JAIPUR - BIKANER\
After breakfast, check out from Hotel & transfer to Bikaner (Approx 6\
hrs.). Check in to the Hotel. Proceed for sightseeing tour of Bikaner\
Rao Bikaji, visit the Junagarh Fort, constructed between 1588 and\
1593 by Raja Jai Singh, a general in the Moghul Emperor Akbar's\
army. Visit the camel-breeding farm - the only one in Asia. Also visit\
the Karni Mata Temple. Overnight in the Hotel.\
\
\ul DAY 04 \ulnone : BIKANER - JAISALMER\
After breakfast, transfer to Jaisalmer(approx 5 \'bd hrs). Enroute visit\
Jaisalmer War Museum - The Jaisalmer War Museum is located 10 km\
short of Jaisalmer on the Jaisalmer - Jodhpur Highway. The unique\
museum has been designed with the view of honouring the\
contributions and sacrifices of war heroes, and to highlight their\
bravery. It also traces the evolution of the Indian Army. On arrival\
Check-in to hotel. Overnight in the Hotel.\
\
\ul DAY 05\ulnone  : JAISALMER\
After breakfast visit the Jaisalmer Fort which is made by unique\
Golden Lime stone, that\'92s why its known as Golden Fort or Sonar\
Kella. After that visit Patwon-ki-haveli, Nathmal-ki-haveli. Salim singhki-Haveli. People still live in these ancient buildings dating from 12th\
to 15th century. Every house has exquisite carvings and filigreed work.\
In the evening enjoy famous Sand Dunes. Overnight in the Hotel.\
\
\ul DAY 06\ulnone : JAISALMER \'96 JODHPUR\
After breakfast transfer to Jodhpur(approx 5 \'bd hrs.). On arrival checkin to your hotel. Thereafter visit Jaswant Thada - an imposing marble\
cenotaph built in memory of Maharaja Jaswant Singh II around 1899,\
Kaylana Lake and Mandore Garden. Overnight in the Hotel.\
\
\ul DAY 07:\ulnone  JODHPUR\
After breakfast start for Jodhpur city tour. Covering Umaid Bhawan\
Palace Museum, Mehrangarh Fort- situated on a low sandstone hill.\
Within the fort visit Moti Mahal and Phool Mahal. Evening free for\
leisure. Overnight in the Hotel.\
\
\ul DAY 08\ulnone  : JODHPUR - UDAIPUR\
After Breakfast proceed to Udaipur(approx. 5 hrs). Check in to the\
Hotel. After some rest, you will explore the countryside region of\
Udaipur and go for a boat ride at lake pichola or enjoy Udaipur fort.\
Overnight stay in the hotel.\
\
\ul DAY 09\ulnone  : UDAIPUR\
After breakfast, go for city sightseeing tour. Today, you will visit City\
Palace, Saheliyon-ki-Bari, Jagdish Temple, and Bhartiya Lok kala\
Museum. Overnight stay in the hotel.\
\
\ul DAY 10 \ulnone : UDAIPUR AIRPORT/ RAILWAY STATION\
After breakfast, you will be transferred to the airport or railway\
station for your journey onwards.\
\

\f0\b TOUR COST: 
\f1\b0 \
Adult Rs 39,500/- Per Person ( if 04 Pax traveling ) - AC INNOVA\
Extra Adult: Rs 36,500/- with extra bed in same room (above 12 year)\
Extra Child: Rs 30,000/- Above 5 years with extra Bed In same room\
Child: Rs 25,000/- Without extra bed (Between 4 to 11 years)\
Child: Rs. 9000/- Below 4 years\
\

\f0\b TOUR COST INCLUSIONS:
\f1\b0 \
* Accommodation at the Hotels mentioned on twin sharing basis.\
* Breakfast & Dinner with special arrangement for Jain Meals.\
* Transfers, sightseeing and surface transportation by\
* AC INNOVA FOR 4 PAX\
* (AC is NON \'96 OPERATIONAL on Hills)\
* Rates valid for Indian nationals.\
\

\f0\b TOUR COST EXCLUSIONS:
\f1\b0 \
* 5% GST Extra.\
* Camera Fees and Any other Personal Expenses, Rafting Charges.\
* Anything which is not mentioned in the inclusion\
* Entry fees.\
* Any air/train fare\
\
}